channel
什么时候 deadlock ? 1.没有close channel, for range channel deadlock.
read until have data? block to get data
write, wait to available? block to write
close channel

channel contrain three queues: 1.sending goroutine queue; 2.receive goroutine queue; 3.value buffer queue.
channel panic：1.close nil channel; 2. close closed channel; 3.  send to close channel.
block ever: 1.send to nil channel; receive from nil channel


package import, full import, dot import，blank import
init的顺序：global variable; init(in define order); main()
defer的顺序：

sync WaitGroup

fmt.print is not sync, may be 出现乱
log.print is sync

The Evaluation Moment of the Arguments of Deferred and Goroutine Function Calls

it is not a good idea to do synchronizations by using time.Sleep calls in formal projects.


func RecoveFunc( /*finish chan<- int*/ ) {
	if err := recover(); err != nil {
		log.Println("RecoveFunc catch error:", err)
	}
	//finish <- 1
}

func StopBtc(btc_cli, btcdatadir string) {
	defer RecoveFunc() //recover defer must write before the panic
	CliCommand(btc_cli, btcdatadir, "stop btc", "stop")
}

The functions in the encoding/json standard package will only encode and decode the exported struct fields, which is why the first letters of the field names in the above example are all upper cased.

encoding/json仅encode和decode导出字段，也就是首字母大写的字段。
struct字段的导出可见性是基于package
A struct type can't have a field of the struct type itself, neither directly nor recursively.

The last , in a composite literal is optional if the last item in the literal and the closing } are at the same line. Otherwise, the last , is required. 
var _ = Book {
	author: "Tapir",
	pages: 256,
	title: "Go 101", // here, the "," must be present
}
// The last "," in the following line is optional.
var _ = Book{author: "Tapir", pages: 256, title: "Go 101",}




